Documentation for signed apk with fasltane (#25)
thecodingmachine/react-native-boilerplate: docs/beta builds.md

```
  desc "Submit a new Beta Build to Play Store"
  lane :beta do
    store_password = prompt(text: "Signing Store Password: ", secure_text: true)
    key_password = prompt(text: "Alias Key Password: ", secure_text: true)
    releaseFilePath = File.join(Dir.pwd, "..", "my-release-key.keystore")
    gradle(task: 'clean')
    gradle(
      task: 'assemble',
      build_type: 'Release',
      print_command: false,
      properties: {
        "android.injected.signing.store.file" => releaseFilePath,
        "android.injected.signing.store.password" => store_password,
        "android.injected.signing.key.alias" => "my-key-alias",
        "android.injected.signing.key.password" => key_password,
      }
    )
    upload_to_play_store(
      track: 'internal'
    )
```

As you can see, we need to sign our APK with a signing key.
Don't worry, we will generate it in a moment, let's just explain what the lane do.

First, script ask the user two values : signing store and alias key passwords, with the [`prompt`](https://docs.fastlane.tools/actions/prompt/) fastlane plugin.

> Asking the user thoses password ensure that no secret keys are stored into your app.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Asking the user those passwords ensure that no secret keys are stored into your app.  
```
